Make examples standalone packages (#2067)
grpc/grpc-swift: Examples/route-guide/README.md

# Route Guide

This example demonstrates all four RPC types using a 'Route Guide' service and
client.

## Overview

> A "rouge-guide" command line tool that uses generated stubs for an 'Route Guide'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A "route-guide" command line tool that uses generated stubs for a 'Route Guide'
```
